MM-18659 Improve documentation for outgoing proxy and link previews (#3096)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Enable Link Previews
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Link previews are previews of linked website content, image links, and YouTube videos that are displayed below posts when available. 

> Link previews are requested by the server, meaning the Mattermost server must be connected to the internet for previews to be displayed. This connection can be through a `firewall or outbound proxy <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/outbound-proxy.html>`__ in environments where applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link previews are requested by the server, meaning the Mattermost server must be connected to the internet for previews to be displayed. This connection can be set through a `firewall or outbound proxy <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/outbound-proxy.html>`__ in environments where applicable.
```

Or other similar word

Author: I think "This connection can be made through" sounds the best out of anything I can think of, so if that's okay with you, I'll go with that

Reviewer 2: How about;

```suggestion
Link previews are requested by the server, meaning the Mattermost server must be connected to the internet for previews to be displayed. This connection can be established through a `firewall or outbound proxy <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/outbound-proxy.html>`__ in environments where direct internet connectivity is not given or security policies make this necessary.
```

Thoughts @amyblais ?

Reviewer: Daniel's suggestion sounds good.
